News346: correct waitNext() fee_threshold / MAX_MONEY description (#2823)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _posts/en/newsletters/2025-03-21-newsletter.md

  centralized element. {% assign timestamp="1:03:19" %}

- [Bitcoin Core #31283][] introduces a new `waitNext()` method to the
  `BlockTemplate` interface, which returns a new template only when the chain
  tip changes or when total fees in a freshly assembled template rise by at
  least a caller-specified `fee_threshold`. The default `fee_threshold` is
  `MAX_MONEY`, which skips the expensive fee comparison and effectively waits

>   only for a tip change (or timeout). Previously, miners would receive a new

Reviewer: I also struggle to see value in PRs that interject AI-discovered, AI-motivated, and AI-generated improvement suggestions.

My impression is that this PR points out an actual issue, in the sense that (if the suggestion is accurate) the original phrasing skipped over the `fee_threshold` parameter and confused the default value with the parameter, but the new proposed phrasing here is awkward. It is both too detailed and omitting detail. If a timeout exists, it should be mentioned, whereas it seems unnecessary to detail how the `fee_threshold` is essentially disabled.

```suggestion
  least a caller-specified `fee_threshold`. If no `fee_threshold` is supplied,
  the expensive fee comparison is skipped and a new template is generated
  only after a tip change. Previously, miners would receive a new
```
